Fix Typos in Documentation and Test Descriptions (#1628)
microsoft/presidio: docs/samples/python/transformers_recognizer/index.md

3. Provide the path to your own local custom trained model.

!!! note "Note"

>     For each combination of model & dataset, it is recommended to create a configuration object which includes setting necessary parameters for getting the correct results. Please reference this [configuration.py](https://github.cim/microsoft/presidio/blob/miN/configuration.py) file for examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For each combination of model & dataset, it is recommended to create a configuration object which includes setting necessary parameters for getting the correct results. Please reference this [configuration.py](https://github.com/microsoft/presidio/blob/main/configuration.py) file for examples.
```
